Adding Comunity Model Flavors (#7425)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

        * If the model is of type ``GroupedProphet``, ``frequency`` as a string type must be provided.
        * If both ``horizon`` and ``n_periods`` are provided with different values.

> Comunity Model Flavors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community Model Flavors
```

----------------------

> Other useful MLflow flavors can be found as
> external libraries developed and maintained by Model providers.
> If you are using one of these models, just install their own flavor
> to benefit from the MLFlow capacities. Here's the list of available
> libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other useful MLflow flavors are developed and maintained by the
MLflow community, enabling you to use MLflow Models with an
even broader ecosystem of machine learning libraries. For more information,
check out the description of each community-developed flavor below.
```

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

BigML (``bigmlflow``)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `bigmlflow <https://github.com/bigmlcom/bigmlflow>`_ library implements
the ``bigml`` model flavor. It enables using
`BigML supervised models <https://bigml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/local_resources.html>`_
and offers the ``save_model()``, ``log_model()`` and ``load_model()`` methods

> defined in every MLFlow flavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in every MLflow flavor.
```

> and offers the ``save_model()``, ``log_model()`` and ``load_model()`` methods
> defined in every MLFlow flavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and offers the ``save_model()``, ``log_model()`` and ``load_model()`` methods.
```

Installing bigmlflow
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> BigMLFlow can be found in PyPI and is installed by issuing the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigMLFlow can be installed from PyPI as follows:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install bigmlflow

BigMLFlow usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``bigmlflow`` module defines the flavor that implements the
``save_model()`` and ``log_model()`` methods. They can be used
to save BigML models and their related information in MLflow Model format.

.. code-block:: py

    import json
    import mlflow
    import bigmlflow

    MODEL_FILE = "logistic_regression.json"
    with mlflow.start_run():
        with open(MODEL_FILE) as handler:
            model = json.load(handler)
            bigmlflow.log_model(model,
                                artifact_path="model",
                                registered_model_name="my_model")

These methods also add the ``python_function`` flavor to the MLflow Models
that they produce, allowing the models to be interpreted as generic Python
functions for inference via :py:func:`mlflow.pyfunc.load_model()`.

> This loaded PyFunc model can only be scored with DataFrame input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This loaded PyFunc model can only be scored with DataFrame inputs.
```
